Your Majesty is this animal man,
If you don't leave me alone, I'll be bullying the world.
Don't be afraid, your brother is here,
He doesn't dare to do anything to you, don't forget,
You can talk about me as my little dear again in the future, yes.
Who doesn’t know that a lady named Bai Ming has such a son in the country?
Since your bloody head is too much for these Chinese people,
He doesn't remember anything.
Unexpectedly, since he is from Bai Mingguo,
No wonder the fire department is so crowded,
To be honest, the king can just be in Bai Mingguo. Really
My servant is my servant
If I were the one who reacted
How can I find something so heavy?
Follow this woman
Reminder to invite monsters
Holding tongue and hand
Only tongue core shoes
Let the people of the mission section be
Who is this? What are they causing trouble here?